--- layout: post title: 'Discipline: the tush way or the street way?'
date: '2013-09-03T22:25:00.003+01:00' author: Young Black Woman tags:
modified\_time: '2013-09-05T18:26:59.086+01:00' thumbnail:
https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-GdTp1EVE9uk/Uii-wdiQvwI/AAAAAAAAAKY/knPBXhMKAfg/s72-c/blogger-image-699410311.jpg
blogger\_id:
tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-3142013392747035157.post-6401132760166185970
blogger\_orig\_url:
http://www.thediaryofayoungblackwoman.com/2013/09/discipline-tush-way-or-street-way\_4176.html
---
<div>

<div class="separator" style="clear: both;">

[![](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-GdTp1EVE9uk/Uii-wdiQvwI/AAAAAAAAAKY/knPBXhMKAfg/s640/blogger-image-699410311.jpg)](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-GdTp1EVE9uk/Uii-wdiQvwI/AAAAAAAAAKY/knPBXhMKAfg/s640/blogger-image-699410311.jpg)

</div>

\

</div>

<div>

Howdy earthlings?

</div>

<div>

\

</div>

<div>

I went to pick up my dress from the tailor during the weekend and it
took a while because some adjustments needed to be made. I was buying
time by checking up on twitter when her 8 year old son walked in. She
started shouting at the boy in her native language and kept twisting the
boys ear. What was juniors offense? He didn't perform the Saturday
chores with his younger sister. She punished him further by asking him
to fetch the water they would use for the night. When he came inside,
she asked how many buckets he had fetched and then she patted him on the
back on told him he had tried. She told him the importance of doing
things the right way and not running away from chores. She emphasized on
the need to be honest in life and to avoid cheating. She then told him
to go and take his bath.

</div>

<div>

\

</div>

<div>

 10 year old Johnson just returned from school. He had just learnt a new
form of painting in school and he decided to try it at home. He spilled
white paint on the brown carpet in the parlor and even stained the
silver metallic center table. His mother came back and was furious. No,
she did not scold him. She simply said "good job Johnson, well done."
she turned towards the kitchen to shout at Mary (the nanny) asking her
why she allowed Johnson to litter the parlor. She threatened to fire
Mary the next time she allowed such to happen.

</div>

<div>

\

</div>

<div>

Growing up in Lagos Nigeria, I have seen different forms of training
being meted out to children. From the market women in yaba that flog
their naked children clad in only underwear to the banker mom in lekki
that dares not scold her child because she fears he'll grow up to hate
her. The 2 scenarios painted above are not far from the recent
happenings in our environs. 

</div>

<div>

\

</div>

<div>

In the past, a child was not the sole responsibility of his biological
parents. Training a child was always a communal effort. As long as that
child was known, he would be put in check by any adult present at that
point in time whenever he strayed. These days, if you try to correct a
child that is not yours, your reward will be a mouthful of insults and
curses.

</div>

<div>

\

</div>

<div>

We are trying to emulate the western countries in many aspects but we
are not even doing it properly. At least everyone knows there is a
difference  in manner of discipline instilled by a black mum (e.g Madea
Simmons... Lol) and a white mum in America. Why then are we emulating
the wrong things?

</div>

<div>

\

</div>

<div>

The book of wisdom says "spare the rod and spoil the child"...how far do
we go with this?. I'm not an advocate of scarring a child for life all
in the name of discipline but painting a picture of a perfect life
without mistakes for the child doesn't exactly do any good. 

</div>

<div>

\

</div>

<div>

Whatever is worth doing is worth doing well.

</div>

<div>

\

</div>

<div>

Now le roomies and I are arguing about this :). The tush way or the
street way?? What's your take??? 

</div>
