---
layout: post
title: "Alphabetical Series"
date: "2016-06-04"
author: Young Black Woman
tags: Musing
image: "/assets/images/stong-women.jpg"
---

Dear Diary, how are you doing this fine Saturday morning?. Yours truly has been doing a lot of fiction writing lately and out of the goodwill of my heart *dodges stones and punches*, I have decided to share one of the articles with you. Do enjoy as you read and don't forget to let me know what you think about it.

*************************************************************

!(/assets/images/naked.jpg)

My name is Emmanuella and this is my story.

I never thought I would go back to that school. It's been 6 years and 7 months, since I graduated from the institution that made me the woman I am today. All the values, morals and strengths I have learnt over time were sown as seeds in me within this four walls. The buildings were still intact although they looked like they had recently been painted. Nothing had changed, except for the new security man who smiled at me as I made my way through the gate. I got to the Student section, met the Secretary and told her why I was there. She directed me to a room where I could retrieve my file. The room was filled with old and dusty files. She offered me a chair as I set to work; to find a file amongst the hundreds of them that laid about in a haphazard fashion. At that point, one of my mother's quotes came to mind; *procrastination is a lazy man's approach*. Those words resounded like a clanging cymbal in my head. I would have no business being there if I had gone to collect my certificate at the right time.

As I searched for my file, a young man came into the room to check on a phone that was charging on the table. We exchanged pleasantries as he tried to know who I was and what I was looking for. As he made his way out of the room he said, *"My name is Jacob, nice to meet you"*. About twenty minutes later, I found a dusty green tattered file with my name boldly written on it. I heaved a sigh of relief and went to give it to the Secretary.  As she arranged my file, she told me that there was no way I could get the certificate that day. I opened my eyes in surprise because that was the last thing I needed to hear at that moment, the deadline for submission was the next day. I heard someone call my name from the other side of the room and I turned to find out that it was Jacob. He beckoned on me to come sit beside him but I politely declined the offer. I had only one mission at that office that day and it had to be fulfilled. I didn't plan on making friends, I just wanted my certificate. He called me again and this time it looked like he wanted to tell me something important. I walked to his table and he told me there was no way I could get the certificate that day, that the Principal was not on seat. I told him how urgently I needed it and he offered to help me get it but that we had to strike a deal. He smiled sheepishly and said, *"If I help you to get this certificate, you have to give me your phone number and be my friend".* I smiled at him with my eyes but deep down, I felt naked. Like my clothes had been ripped off my body and there was no one to cover me. I took a deep breath and replied, *"Okay, yeah I can do that. Just help me get it".* He got up from his seat with a smirk on his face and asked me to give him a few minutes. I sat down and starred into space as I replayed the last 5 minutes in my head. The highly principled and no-nonsense Emmanuella had let her guard down because of a mere certificate.

Jacob returned and told me he had started the process. He tried to make small talk with me and I reluctantly engaged him. I knew what he wanted to hear and so with every question he asked, I painted the picture of a perfect girl. He was swooning in excitement as I told him lies and more lies. He took me on a tour round the school and even offered to buy me lunch which I politely declined. He insisted and bought me a drink which I took to reassure him of his new found friendship.

After 7 hours of desecrating my pride and dignity, he received a phone call that the certificate was ready. We went to collect it and he offered to escort me to my bustop. We said our goodbyes as I gave him one last smile because it definitely would be the last time he would be seeing me. There I was sitting in the bus with my certificate in my hand and my phone number on a certain Jacob's phone. The bus was quite stuffy but I felt cold, naked and unprotected. I removed my simcard from my phone and broke it into pieces. Jacob would call his new friend later that night, but the call would not go through.
